In addition to the many avenues
of full-time service
we mentioned earlier
in the program,
making yourself available
when a need arises locally
is a fine way
to seek the Kingdom first.
For example, in San Antonio,
in the state of Texas,
in the United States,
a large convention
with over 20,000
in attendance was planned.
However,
the venue could only provide
about one third of the chairs needed
for the convention.
Where would our brothers
find the needed chairs?
Well, Jehovah provided,
and many young ones
were eager to help.
When I heard
that this needed to happen,
I was thinking,
‘How are we going to do this?’
I thought, ‘It’s a big job!’
It was amazing!
The first thing I was asked to do
was try to find a storage place
that we could use
for six to eight thousand chairs.
A sister manages a storage place,
and we saw Jehovah’s blessing
because the owner said,
“You can have this stall
“at no charge for a year
as long as you sign a contract
that it’s
for Jehovah’s Witnesses’ organization.”
Truckload after truckload
after truckload came in.
We had to unload the trucks.
The brothers had
to unstack the chairs,
repair the chairs, clean the chairs,
put them back on pallets,
restack them,
load them onto trucks,
and that was half of it.
Those were the ones
in the warehouse.
On the other side,
we got permission to ask
the San Antonio congregations
if we could use their chairs
for the convention.
We were hoping
to get three thousand chairs.
And then the numbers
grew for the audience,
so we had to increase
our numbers.
So we were able to gather
six thousand chairs
from the willing volunteers
of congregations around San Antonio.
So we prayed about it and the brothers
started asking for volunteers,
and it was a great cooperation
right at the beginning.
As soon as
we let the friends know
that this was going
to be the case,
all of them—
all of them said,
“We’re going to get off
of work early.”
We immediately wanted
to clear our schedules
so that we could be available
to help in any way that we could.
It was a privilege to know
that our congregation
was going to be part of it.
We are so grateful to Jehovah
that he has given us
this privilege to do.
We had thousands of chairs
of every color
—green, red, brown, blue.
We even had some bright orange ones
left out of the ‘70’s,
and we’re putting those in the back.
But it was not just the colors
but the sizes.
They were all different sizes.
And so how do you make
sections with straight rows
when the chairs
are all different sizes?
But I knew somehow,
as Jehovah’s people, we’d get it done.
And we definitely—
As you see, a lot of volunteers,
and we’re here getting it done.
And it’s made
for a beautiful experience
because the friends have gotten to know
each other as never before.
And they’re willingly
working together,
and the excitement is there.
It doesn’t matter whose venue it is,
it’s all for Jehovah,
and that’s been
the attitude everybody has had.
It just tells you
that Jehovah is a God of order.
It’s good to feel
that you’re doing your best for Jehovah.
Well, it reminds me of Psalm 127:1,
where it mentions
that ‘unless Jehovah builds the house,
it’s in vain that his workers
even work hard.’
So it’s because of Jehovah’s hand
and his blessing
—that is why everything
runs so smoothly.
What other organization!
No one else can do that
except Jehovah’s people.